Update authentication.md JWT terminology (#10005)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/sdk_integration/authentication.md

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

#### Step 2.2: Set the current user's JWT

Whenever your app calls the Braze `changeUser` method, also supply the JWT that was [generated server-side](#braze-dashboard).

You can also configure the token to refresh mid-session for the current user.

{% alert note %}

> Keep in mind that `changeUser` should only be called when the User ID has _actually changed_. You should not use this method as a way to update the authentication signature (JWT) if the user ID has not changed.

Author: I'm torn, because our property/methods still use the term signature

> Keep in mind that `changeUser` should only be called when the User ID has _actually changed_. You should not use this method as a way to update the authentication signature (JWT) if the user ID has not changed.

Author: Updated the PR and found more instances that could be swapped out

If possible, you should push users to upgrade as you would for any other mandatory upgrade. Alternatively, you can keep the feature [Optional](#enforcement-options) until you see that an acceptable percentage of users have upgraded.

> #### What expiration should I use when generating JWTs? {#faq-expiration}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### What expiration should I use when generating a JWT? {#faq-expiration}
```

We recommend using the higher value of average session duration, session cookie/token expiration, or the frequency at which your application would otherwise refresh the current user's profile.

#### What happens if a JWT expires in the middle of a user's session? {#faq-jwt-expiration}

Should a user's token expire mid-session, the SDK has a [callback function](#sdk-callback) it will invoke to let your app know that a new JWT is needed to continue sending data to Braze.

#### What happens if my server-side integration breaks and I can no longer create a JWT? {#faq-server-downtime}

> If your server is not able to provide JWTs or you notice some integration issue, you can always disable the feature in the Braze dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your server is not able to provide a JWT or you notice some integration issue, you can always disable the feature in the Braze dashboard.
```
